[config] define separate project and platform core config header (#9291)
openthread/openthread: CMakeLists.txt

if(OT_CONFIG)
    target_compile_definitions(ot-config INTERFACE "OPENTHREAD_CONFIG_FILE=\"${OT_CONFIG}\"")

>     message(WARNING "OT_CONFIG is being deprectaed - use `OT_PROJECT_CONFIG` and `OT_PLATFORM_CONFIG` instead")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(WARNING "OT_CONFIG is deprecated - use `OT_PROJECT_CONFIG` and `OT_PLATFORM_CONFIG` instead")
```
